Assignment

Inventor: John D. Aquilino

Title:    Copy Control System and Method


WHEREAS, I, John D. Aquilino of Mesa, Arizona have invented certain new and
useful improvements as described in a U.S. provisional patent application
entitled Copy Control System and Method and being identifiable in the United
States Patent and Trademark Office by Serial No. 60/207,201, filed May 25,
2000; and

WHEREAS, SunnComm, Inc. having offices at 668 North 44th Street, Phoenix,
Arizona 85008 ("Assignee") is desirous of acquiring the entire right, title and
interest in and to the invention, the application, and any and all Letters
Patent or similar legal protection, foreign or domestic, to be obtained
therefor;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the sum of ten dollars ($10.00) and other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby
acknowledged, I hereby transfer to Assignee, its successors and assigns, the
entire right, title and interest in and to the invention throughout the world,
the above-identified application, all corresponding domestic and foreign
applications, all Letters Patent or similar legal protection issuing thereon,
and all rights and benefits under any applicable treaty or convention; and I
authorize the Commissioner of Patents and Trademarks of the United States or
foreign equivalent thereof to issue the Letters Patent or similar legal
protection to the Assignee.

I authorize the Assignee, its successors and assigns, or anyone it may properly
designate, to apply for Letters Patent or similar legal protection, in its own
name if desired, in any and all foreign countries.

I represent to the Assignee, its successors and assigns, that I have not and
shall not execute any writing or do any act whatsoever conflicting with this
Assignment. I, my executors or administrators, will at any time upon request,
without additional consideration, but at the expense of the Assignee, its
successors and assigns, execute such additional writings and do such additional
acts as the Assignee, its successors and assigns, may deem desirable to perfect
its enjoyment of this grant, and render all assistance in making application
for and obtaining, maintaining, and enforcing the Letters Patent or similar
legal protection on the invention in any and all countries.


______________________________
John D. Aquilino
______________________________
          Date
STATE OF ______________  )
                         ) ss.
County of ______________ )
                                     <PAGE>78

SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN TO before me a Notary Public, this ____ day of
_______________________, 2001.


                                             Notary Public
                                                          (SEAL)

[CAPTION]
Exhibit 10.01A

CONSENT TO PATENT ASSIGNMENT

Equity Earnings Corp., doing business as Designer Products, being the exclusive
marketing agent for John Aquilino with respect, inter alia, to an invention
described in an application for Provisional Patent with the United States
Patent and Trademark Office, Serial Number 60/207,201 relating to a "COPY
CONTROL SYSTEM AND METHOD", hereby consents to the assignment of all rights,
title, and interest in, and to, that invention, all know-how represented by
that invention, and any past, present, or future rights of patent with respect
to the invention to SunnComm, Inc.

EQUITY EARNINGS CORP., doing business as Designer Products


By:  /s/   David Kreitzer
     --------------------
     David Kreitzer
     Its:  Treasurer

STATE OF ARIZONA    )
                    )ss.
County of Maricopa  )

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 27th day of February,
2001, by David Kreitzer, Treasurer of Equity Earnings Corp., an Arizona
corporation on behalf of Equity Earnings Corp.


Notary Public

My Commission Expires:

